Docs: deprecates cookie secure (#1185)
pomerium/documentation: content/docs/reference/cookies.mdx

## Cookie Secure {#cookie-secure}

:::caution

> As of **v0.25**, we have deprecated the **Cookie Secure** setting. Pomerium will always set the `Secure` attribute on session cookies going forward.

Reviewer: Sorry, I didn't mean to imply that you should delete the "and will remove it in **v0.26**" part. The phrasing here might be a little confusing as to the behavior in v0.25.

What do you think about this?
```suggestion
As of **v0.25** the **Cookie Secure** setting is deprecated, and it will be removed in **v0.26**. Once removed, Pomerium will always set the `Secure` attribute on session cookies.
```

Author: That's fine. This was a weird process for this setting, so I appreciate the help with the messaging.

> As of v0.25.0, we have deprecated the **Cookie Secure** setting in Pomerium Core, the Enterprise Console, and the Ingress Controller and will remove it in **v0.26.0**. It will be enabled by default going forward.

Reviewer: nit: the phrase "by default" doesn't seem quite accurate if you can't change it at all; maybe something like "Pomerium will always set the `Secure` attribute on session cookies going forward."

> As of v0.25.0, we have deprecated the **Cookie Secure** setting in Pomerium Core, the Enterprise Console, and the Ingress Controller and will remove it in **v0.26.0**. It will be enabled by default going forward.

Reviewer: Do you think it helps to mention all of Core, Enterprise Console, and Ingress Controller?

I wonder if it would be simpler just to say: "As of v0.25, the **Cookie Secure** setting is deprecated."

> As of v0.25.0, we have deprecated the **Cookie Secure** setting in Pomerium Core, the Enterprise Console, and the Ingress Controller and will remove it in **v0.26.0**. It will be enabled by default going forward.

Author: ```suggestion
As of v0.25, we have deprecated the **Cookie Secure** setting . Pomerium will always set the `Secure` attribute on session cookies going forward. 
```

<Tabs>
<TabItem value="Core" label="Core">

> | **Config file keys** | **Environment variables** | **Type**  | **Default** |

Reviewer: I don't think it makes sense to remove the setting reference here in the v0.25 docs.

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Enterprise" label="Enterprise">

> As of **v0.25.0**, we've removed the **Cookie Secure** setting from the Enterprise Console (in the Console, this setting was called **HTTPS only**). Now, this setting will be enabled by default.

Reviewer: nit: adding the ".0" here may be misleading; the UI was removed in Console v0.25.0 but the corresponding backend change is pending a v0.25.1 patch release.

In general, I think it might be better to reference just the minor release (v0.25) unless we're referring specifically to a patch release.

> As of **v0.25.0**, we've removed the **Cookie Secure** setting from the Enterprise Console (in the Console, this setting was called **HTTPS only**). Now, this setting will be enabled by default.

Author: ```suggestion
As of **v0.25**, we've removed the **Cookie Secure** setting from the Enterprise Console (in the Console, this setting was called **HTTPS only**). 
```
